Christine Seddon
Austin, Texas 78745• christyseddon@yahoo.com • 512-657-5134
Business Operations Manager
Highly focused, engaging business professional with demonstrated capacity to balance accounting and operational objectives with company goals.
— Key Qualifications —
Proven track record of coordinating, planning, and implementing critical administrative projects that support management priorities and meet customer needs.
Adept at organizing and maintaining processes that improve accountability and efficiencies in alignment with budget and time requirements.
A natural leader with strong interpersonal, positive, and professional collaboration skills with internal and external business partners.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, Open Office, QuickBooks, and Windows operating systems.
Professional Experience
Palmco, Inc. – Austin, Texas
Business Manager/Administrator to President, 1/2015 to Current
Hold concurrent role as Lease Administrator for 13 business clients to expedite lease agreements including new tenant negotiations, contract renewals, and payment remittances. Serve as first point of contact for clients; deliver exceptional customer service to encourage repeat business, referrals, and long-term revenue streams. Manage professional correspondence through telephone, e-mail, and in-person communications. Streamline invoicing and billing functions including accounts payable (A/P), accounts receivable (A/R), bank/cash reconciliations, and deposits. Process payroll, remit state, and federal taxes. Organize and maintain an efficient filing system. 

Support Directors; manage calendar integrity.  Ensure appointments are scheduled in a timely manner and communicate calendar changes with immediate schedule impact. Extensive meeting/travel arrangements (both domestic & international) for executives & managers. Act as a resource for departmental policies and procedures, order office supplies for the department as needed and in accordance with the supply budget. Coordinate company events, i.e. communications meetings, award presentations, etc. – both on and offsite. Maintain personnel files to include Individual Development Plans with an extremely high level of confidentiality.
Collaborate with key decision-makers to produce financial forecasts and budgets. Analyze and report on business performance via periodic financial statements.
Maintain IT systems for two offices including software and hardware upgrades, data mining, network security, and troubleshooting system deficiencies.

Birds Nest Bakery – Austin Texas
Office Manager, 2011 to 2014
Directed all accounting and office management tasks including A/P, A/R, bank reconciliations, deposits, and invoicing. Communicated with the management team on financial performance and cash flow trends. Processed incoming and outgoing written correspondence. Reconciled credit card statements. Oversaw vendor relationships to implement contract terms for direct and capital expenditures. Administered licensing compliance and renewals. Organized calendars and business partners’ schedules.
Selected Contributions:
Purchased advertising using multiple marketing platforms to optimize brand awareness and market reach.
Recruited and filled leased commercial space to tenants, providing immediate placement for bakery production, resulting in consistent cash flows and stronger returns on investment.
Ordered operating supplies and cost of goods while identifying and upholding optimal inventory levels.
Austin EcoSchool Board – Austin, Texas
Treasurer, 2012 to 2013

Achieved accounting and reporting requirements for the non-profit organization. Developed monthly treasury reports for presentation to the Board. Calculated budgets and financial forecasts to assist in purchasing and investment decision-making. Ensure strict confidentiality on sensitive financial information and exercise the degree of initiative and judgment when dealing with the student financial records; resolve report issues and make recommendations.

Selected Contributions:
Played a key role in facilitating a major relocation that entailed strategic scheduling of vendors and employees, coordinating volunteers, transferring utility services, and organizing the safe transport of assets. Adhered to a tight schedule and completed the project within the allotted time and budget.
Baby By Nature – Sunnyvale, California
Business Administrator, 2006 to 2008
Co-owned an online retail operation that specialized in organic baby products. Increased market share by advertising on social media platforms and designing marketing collateral. Created and administered company website. Optimized inventory management, including shipping and receiving, to manage expenses and meet customer demand. Sold the business with a positive return on investment in 2008.

Educational Background
The University of Texas, Web Development
Currently Attending 2022
Austin, TX

Associates Degree of Business Administration, Accounting
Heald College, San Jose, California
General Studies, Accounting
Foothill College, Los Altos, California

References on Request